<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>Prologue</title>
</head>

<body>
	<h1 class="heading">Biography</h1>

	<p class="noindent top">Thank you very much for picking up this work. It's nice to meet you. For those of you who haven't seen me in a while. I′m Ise. This time, I've written a spin-off of the anime “BNA” written by Trigger Inc. In the anime, the main setting is Anima City, a town where only beastmen live, so in the novel, I tried to approach the world outside of Anima City, a world where beastmen (jiyujin) and humans are mixed together. With no clear borders to separate them, what are their lives really like? This is an attempt to find out through two beastmen who travel through a time when the relationship between the two races is at its most dangerous.</p>
		<p>Please note that the following contains spoilers.</p>

		<p>The main characters in this story are Shirou Ogami, the representative of the beastmen, and Barballet Rosé, who is the mayor of Anima City in the anime. Unlike the anime's protagonist, Michiru, who is a former human, these two are purely beastmen in their perspective. As an author, I love strong and twisted characters like Shirou. He's strong to the point of it being almost bullshit, but he's also unbalanced and inflexible. This dichotomy is the source of his strength, but at the same time it is the most fragile part of him.</p>
		<p>Rosé-Natalia was a girl who could counter-attack Shirou. Not just because she was around him, but also because Natalia had the same anger as Shirou, but had come to a different way of thinking. She was fully qualified to compete with his bottomless anger. This was an approach that Michiru, who had lived as a human in a human town in her past, could not take.</p>
		<p>In the end, was Natalia able to save Shirou? I will not give that answer now, but wait for the story of the next era.</p>
		<p>The following are my acknowledgments.</p>
		<p>Mr. Nakashima, the scriptwriter, who gave me a great deal of background information in writing this story. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the staff who gave me hints on how to incorporate the magnificent setting into each person's story. I couldn't include everything, but the hints were an extremely important foundation for the story of Shirou and Natalia. Thanks to all of you, I was able to create the spin-off novel “BNA ZERO: Beasts Who Can′t Be Clean”. Thanks to the staff of Trigger for bringing the visuals from the anime directly into the novel. The mayor is so cute. I wish I could have my hair from my childhood back. To the proofreaders who never allow typos and omissions, I′m sure there were a lot of them this time….I′m really sorry. To the person in charge of the project, who had an absolutely tough time adjusting this time. Thank you for your hard work.</p>
		<p>Last but not least. A stubborn man needs a place where he can cower and cry. Even more so because he has already lost it.</p>
		<p>So let's meet again somewhere else.</p>
		<p>Ise Nexe</p>
		<p>About the Author</p>
		<p>Ise Nekise Ise Nekise</p>
		<p>Winner of the “Excellence Award” at the 3rd Shueisha Light Novel Newcomer Award in 2015.</p>
		<p>Her works include “Sealed Girl and Avenger's Luck (Rebellion Code) Prophecy” and "Meruhen</p>
		<p>Medohen Festo: Magical Girls' Prequel".</p>
		<p>He is also the author of "HELLO WORLD if --Kankaikoji Misuzu gets the first broken heart in the world.</p>

		<p>PLEASE SUPPORT THE OFFICIAL RELEASE</p>
		<p>- JAPANESE PAPERBACK –</p>
		<p>HERE</p>
		<p>- ENGLISH PAPERBACK TBD</p>
		<p>TRANSLATED BY</p>
		<p>R/BNA | NIGHT-RUNNERS</p>
		<p>FOR UPDATES, PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO THE FOLLOWING</p>
		<p>- DISCORD DISCORD.GG/BNA</p>
		<p>- REDDIT r/BrandNewAnimal</p>
		<p>- MANGADEX https://mangadex.org/group/15025/night-runners</p>

		<p>ダッシュエックス文庫DIGITAL</p>

		<p>ＢＮＡ ＺＥＲＯ</p>

		<p>ビー・エヌ・エー・ゼロ</p>

		<p>まっさらになれない獣たち</p>

		<p>作：アニメ『ＢＮＡ</p>

		<p>ビー・エヌ・エー』小</p>

		<p>説：伊瀬ネキセ監修：中島かずき</p>
		<p>ザイン監修・イラスト：TRIGGER</p>
		<p>© NEKISE ISE 2020</p>
		<p>© 2020 TRIGGER・中島かずき／『BNA ビー・エヌ・エー』製作委員会</p>

		<p>２０２０年４月30日発行</p>

		<p>この電子書籍は、ダッシュエックス文庫「ＢＮＡ ＺＥＲＯ ビー・エヌ・エー・ゼロ まっさらになれない獣たち」</p>
		<p>２０２０年４月28日発行の第１刷を底本としています。</p>

		<p>北畠輝幸</p>
		<p>株式会社 集英社</p>
		<p>１０１－８０５０</p>
		<p>京都千代田区一ツ橋２丁目５番10号</p>
		<p>－３２３０－６０８０（読者係）石川知</p>
		<p>佳</p>
		<p>株式会社ＩＣＥ</p>
		<p>本作品の全部または一部を無断で複製、転載、改竄、インターネット上に掲載すること、および有償無償に関わらず、本データを第三者に譲渡すること</p>
		<p>を禁じます。なお個人利用の目的であっても、コピーガードを解除しての複製は、法律で禁じられています。</p>
</body>
</html>