<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>Chapter 4 – Brand New</title>
</head>

<body>
	<h1 class="heading">Chapter 4 – Brand New</h1>

	<p class="noindent top"><span class="initial">T</span>he reddish brown earth stretched out endlessly. The dry wind carried nothing but dust and a few scraps of grass mixed in. Natalia and Shirou were collapsed together in the middle of the wilderness.</p>
		<p>“......Why is this happening to us?.....”</p>
		<p>“I don’t know....... I’m sorry.......”</p>
		<p>Shirou’s words were dry as he replied to Natalia’s faint moan.</p>
		<p>“I’m not, Mr. Ogami......” Natalia said bitterly before going quiet.</p>
		<p>They had left New York and went west, just west. They had no set plan in continuing their journey, the silver wolf’s journey, to help beastmen. They jumped aboard departing trains, and secretly shared rides on the back of trucks. As they repeated this cycle over and over, the glittering urban scenery slowly became less and less spectacular, until they reached a place where even the green of the trees had been stripped away. It looked like the end of the world.</p>
		<p>This brought them to now.</p>
		<p>The only clue that they were still on Earth was a simple road made of cleared stones that stretched to the edge of the shimmering horizon. Neither of them were even sure which way was the right way to go anymore.</p>
		<p>Additionally, Natalia was having a hard time regulating her body temperature. She could cope with cold weather by wearing heavy clothes, but not with hot weather at all. If she doesn’t at least drink water to cool herself down, she will quickly become dehydrated.</p>
		<p>As soon as she opened her eyes, which had been closed in order to protect what little water she had in her, she saw the image of the man who had fallen with her.</p>
		<p>But… Well… I guess I won’t have to die alone…</p>
		<p>She was shaken by the unexpectedness of her own thoughts.</p>
		<p>Whether or not it was her beastman characteristic resignation to death, she could no longer think about it as she was suddenly struck with sleepiness.</p>
		<p>Sometime later, she began to stir, feeling her body sway slightly in small up and down motions.</p>
		<p>It was as if there was a soft blanket underneath her. The gentle rocking was so comfortable that Natalia wondered if she had died and been reborn as a baby somewhere else. She imagined that she was in a cradle where she didn’t have to worry about anything anymore.</p>
		<p>“W-What…!?”</p>
		<p>The moment Natalia recognized the reddish-brown earth and murky, dusty sky as it reflected in her unfocused eyes, her eyelids fluttered wide open in panic.</p>
		<p>I’m not dead, and this is not a blanket. This is"Oh, you're awake,” A clump of fur the color of the wilderness spoke.</p>
		<p>As she became more and more conscious, she realized what it was.</p>
		<p>“A bear beastman......?”</p>
		<p>“Ah. How do you do, my exotic sister? My name is Gregono. As you can see, my animal nature is a grizzly bear.”</p>
		<p>Natalia was being carried on Gregono’s shoulders, a grizzly bear beastman with an eye patch over one eye.</p>
		<p>“Kaah,” squealed Kuro anxiously as he jumped on top of Natalia’s head, where he usually sits.</p>
		<p>She began to jerk around to try to get him to let her down.</p>
		<p>“Just get some rest,” commanded Shirou, who was walking beside Gregono on his own two feet, “He saved us from being stranded.”</p>
		<p>“Good thing I was just passing by. Even a buffalo would be charred black in half a day from sleeping on that frying pan.”</p>
		<p>“Thank you, sir….”</p>
		<p>She felt she had no choice but to say thank you, but then a strange feeling of unease came over her.</p>
		<p>“You were just passing through? In the middle of nowhere?” The questions just spilled from her mouth.</p>
		<p>Gregono laughed loudly in a manner that suited his huge size, “There’s a cluster of medical herbs up that way and I come through here once a month from town to get them.”</p>
		<p>Natalia noticed the small bag on his back and asked, "Town......?” Natalia looked around. There were no roads in sight, not even the slightest hint of civilization, just huge rocky mountains growing like mushrooms in the wilderness.</p>
		<p>“We're almost there.”</p>
		<p>Believing him, she allowed herself to be carried on his shoulders for more than ten minutes.</p>
		<p>As they walked into the rough rock formations, she saw something unexpected. It was definitely a road, surrounded on both sides by stone bricks. The paved road wove its way through the gaps between the large rocks, leading them to something even more unbelievable. There were dwellings hollowed out of walls of rock. Not just one or two, but many. There were windows and stairs carved into every towering rock face surrounding a central square.</p>
		<p>“This is the town......!?”</p>
		<p>“How can it be......!?” Surprisingly, it was Shirou who shouted in amazement, even more than</p>
		<p>Natalia. Suddenly, he ran to the center of the square and looked around at the circular landscape of the town of carved grottoes with a look of dismay.</p>
		<p>“It’s impossible. This town is...... This place is......!”</p>
		<p>“What’s wrong, brother?” Gregono asked, looking a little surprised.</p>
		<p>Natalia would never forget the look on Shirou’s face as he looked back at them. The silver wolf’s face looked like he was about to burst into tears.</p>
		<p>“This is my home, Nirvasyl.”</p>
		<p>----Wakhan Taluka was the name of the town. Natalia sat on a stone bench carved out of the rock wall and squinted at the peaceful scene. A large number of children were playing in the square. A dewy-eyed merchant was selling finely woven goods, and the women in front of him were engrossed in worldly conversation. Another man stood in front of a rock-walled store, wondering whether to enter or not. The store smelled like something was baking.</p>
		<p>“Citron.” said Natalia to no one in particular as she smelled the air.</p>
		<p>Suddenly, a little boy who had been playing with everyone, sneezed loudly and turned into a sheep.</p>
		<p>No one was surprised to see him transform and the kids teased him, “What, you still can’t control your beast form? You’re such a kid!”</p>
		<p>A bipedal gorilla and an orangutan were carrying a large piece of stone. Although some were careful not to block their path, no one rolled their eyes at the sight of them. This was a place where only beastmen lived.</p>
		<p>As Natalia’s eyes followed the children running out of the square, her gaze naturally fell on the profile of the man sitting quietly next to her. Shirou.</p>
		<p>He had the same dull look in his eyes as usual, but his mouth, which was usually tightly closed, had a softness to it that could almost be mistaken for a smile. The wrinkles between his eyebrows had also loosened up considerably.</p>
		<p>Natalia pondered, ....Nirvasyl. That’s what he said when he saw this town yesterday. He said it was his home.</p>
		<p>“Do they look that much alike?” When she asked him, his face, which had been gazing at the square as if he had forgotten she was there, turned to Natalia more calmly than ever.</p>
		<p>“Oh. It’s just like it. Smaller in scale, but the town and the people are just alike......”</p>
		<p>The slight cheerfulness in his voice made Natalia very curious. A savior known to all beastmen. He is the silver god who rescues beastmen in distress. Of course he has to have a beginning, a home where he was born and raised. Natalia wanted to know, and she wanted to go there.</p>
		<p>“Where is Nirvasyl?” She asked, but did not expect the answer she received.</p>
		<p>“It’s nowhere to be found.”</p>
		<p>“What?”</p>
		<p>“The humans destroyed it.”</p>
		<p>Natalia was at a loss for words, seeing this, Shirou continued to speak.</p>
		<p>She was sure it wasn’t for anyone else to hear. It was as if a memory was spilling out of him as he looked upon a place so similar to his home.</p>
		<p>“A long time ago, near the deserts in the east of Europe, there was a city called Nirvasyl. There was a man there named Abyad. His name meant ‘white.’ He was a young man, an ordinary wolf beastman like any other.”</p>
		<p>It was the sad story of the origin of the Silver Wolf.</p>

		<p class="scene-break">*&#160;*&#160;*&#160;</p>

		<p>The days were hotter and drier than ever. The town’s watchtower had seen several sandstorms this month. Nirvasyl was a city built inside a mountain valley, so it was unlikely to be affected by sandstorms, also known as burning winds. For Abyad, however, it was a matter of life and death. He was going to have to pass through the storms to get back to the human city.</p>
		<p>“It’s so fucking hot......”</p>
		<p>He groaned as he forced himself to fan his face with the excess of the scarf he had wrapped around his head.</p>
		<p>“Are you okay?”</p>
		<p>The camel that he was riding was fully loaded with business goods, but didn’t even whine or squeal in response to his question as they walked leisurely down the street crowded with beastmen. The heat was drying everything out, and he could see the frustration on everyone’s face.</p>
		<p>Abyad rubbed his arm under his furred chin and mumbled, "I'd feel a little better if I were naked and in human form......" He laughed at the shallow thought.</p>
		<p>On a day like this, if he were in human form and had to morph into his stronger wolf-beast form, the transformation itself could put his life in danger. That’s also why everyone was quenching their thirst in their beast forms.</p>
		<p>When they had crossed the desert and arrived at the human city the first time, he had decided to buy as much water as he could before coming back.</p>
		<p>“Hey, Abyad!”</p>
		<p>A small figure rushed up from the crowds that filled the main street on either side.</p>
		<p>“Hello, Naki.”</p>
		<p>Abyad raised one hand in greeting the figure, a sheep-beast boy.</p>
		<p>“Abyad, I heard you're going to the human city?”</p>
		<p>“Ah, yes I am.”</p>
		<p>“Here you go. Here’s some water. Take it with you.”</p>
		<p>Abyad turned his eyes toward the leather bag Naki offered him, "Are you sure? The whole town is running out of water.”</p>
		<p>“Yeah. Everyone’s on edge, because the reservoir is about to dry up,...... or maybe it’s frustration.”</p>
		<p>Abyad’s expression became grim as he remembered the scenery he had seen on his way through town. The bottom of the mortar-lined reservoir at the back of the town was now almost visible. Around the pond, there were disputes over the order and amount of water to be drawn, and the residents were becoming more and more stressed every day.</p>
		<p>“It’s crazy how little rain we've had this year.” Pondered Abyad.</p>
		<p>“Yes. That’s why you should take it with you, and take this, too.”</p>
		<p>After handing over a leather bag filled with water, Naki took out a piece of important looking fabric.</p>
		<p>Abyad looked through the window of a rock-hewn house in the direction they were walking.</p>
		<p>He could see sheep, llamas, and alpacas weaving with their own wool. One of them noticed</p>
		<p>Abyad and Naki and lightly waved at them. It was Naki’s mother. Abyad returned the greeting and slid his hand over fabric Naki was holding.</p>
		<p>“It’s as good as ever, I see. I’ll sell it to the humans for a good price.”</p>
		<p>“You're so good at pretending to be a human, Abyad.”</p>
		<p>“If they know you're a beastman, they'll give you a lot of trouble.”</p>
		<p>“Do you have any tips for me?” Responded Naki excitedly.</p>
		<p>“Not really. Just don’t turn into a beast and keep quiet.”</p>
		<p>“Hahaha, there are a lot of people who can’t do that.” Naki coughed a little as he laughed.</p>
		<p>“Are you okay?”</p>
		<p>“I’m fine, just a little tingling in my throat.”</p>
		<p>Abyad tried to cheer up Naki, who looked a little gloomy, “All right, I’ll buy you a souvenir to thank you for the water. What would you like?”</p>
		<p>Sure enough, the boy’s face lit up, "I want a sheep doll!”</p>
		<p>“A sheep doll for a sheep beastman?”</p>
		<p>“Human-made dolls are finely crafted, you know. I like them because they are beautiful.”</p>
		<p>Looking at the fabrics that were handed to him, the beastmen’s goods were not inferior in quality, but when it came to toys and entertainment, the humans were far superior. The beastmen’s efforts were sometimes misdirected.</p>
		<p>“Alright. I’ll be back in about three months, so look forward to it.”</p>
		<p>“Yeah!”</p>
		<p>After parting ways with Naki with a wave of his hand, Abyad headed down the road through the gap between the rocks that hid the city.</p>
		<p>---Three months later, after successfully completing his business in the human city, Abyad’s camel was loaded with goods that were not available in Nirvasyl. In his hands, he held the sheep doll that Naki had asked him to get for him.</p>
		<p>He found the sheep doll, after walking around the human city searching for something that would not disappoint Naki. It was decorated with beads and colored strings. Abyad had to skip a few meals because of the unexpectedly high price of the doll, but he was sure Naki would be happy to see the prince-like sheep. As he thought about it, it wasn’t an expensive purchase at all.</p>
		<p>“I’ll give it to him first.”</p>
		<p>As Abyad approached the rocky mountain at the entrance to Nirvasyl, he imagined the smile on Naki’s face and felt a smile appear on his own face.</p>
		<p>“Huh......?”</p>
		<p>He smelled a strange odor in the sandy wind.</p>
		<p>“Blood.......!?”</p>
		<p>As soon as he mumbled this, Abyad’s vision caught sight of a figure running out from between rocks.</p>
		<p>“Naki ......!”</p>
		<p>His idyllic expectation that he would be greeted by the boy instantly vanished when he saw the fear in his face. There were two large shadows behind him. They were men on horses. Not only were they carrying bows and spears, but they were also wearing matching armor.</p>
		<p>“......W-what the hell ......!?”</p>
		<p>Naki dodged the flying arrows twice, but the third shot through his leg sending him falling to the sand.</p>
		<p>Abyad could do nothing but stare as the man with the spear charged. The spear impaled deep into Naki’s small back, spreading black spots on the reddish brown ground.</p>
		<p>“N-Nakiiiiiii!”</p>
		<p>Abyad screamed as he rolled off his camel and transformed his body into his wolf-beast form as he ran.</p>
		<p>“You bastards! What the hell are you doing!?”</p>
		<p>“It’s another one!” shouted one of the men.</p>
		<p>“Get him! Kill him!”</p>
		<p>Without even a hint of fear, the humans turned their weapons and hostility towards Abyad.</p>
		<p>The sound of the wind whistled past his ears, but the arrows didn’t hit him as he zigzagged, and thrust themselves into the ground</p>
		<p>“Whoa!”</p>
		<p>Just as he was closing in on the archer, a spear came out from the side. It was the archer’s partner. Abyad kept his head low to avoid the spear and ran right under the handle to bite into the human’s throat. Feeling the crunch of his teeth digging into the muscles and blood vessels, he turned his body with all the momentum he could muster and threw the human with all of his kinetic energy. The human was killed instantly by the blow, and flew away like a ragdoll into the sand.</p>
		<p>“Huh!”</p>
		<p>While the archer screamed at the sight of his partner’s cruel death, Abyad would not allow him to get off another shot, and in an instant, he was upon him. Abyad slashed his throat with his sharp claws and killed him as well.</p>
		<p>“Naki, Naki, stay with me!”</p>
		<p>After finishing off the humans, Abyad picked up the fallen Naki.</p>
		<p>“Ugh.......”</p>
		<p>He closed his eyes and groaned in pain.</p>
		<p>“Hang on. We'll get you to the city soon! It’s okay, you're going to be okay! You're a strong little beastman!”</p>
		<p>Naki’s eyes opened, and for a moment, it seemed to Abyad that this was a sign that things were about to get better, but...</p>
		<p>“OogaaAAAHH!”</p>
		<p>“What!?”</p>
		<p>With a terrifying roar, he was pushed down with such force that his mind went blank.</p>
		<p>Naki’s bloodshot eyes made Abyad think the boy was losing his mind.</p>
		<p>“No, Naki! It’s me!”</p>
		<p>Abyad shouted as he managed to hold Naki’s body back as he tried to bite him, but suddenly, the strength gushing out from Naki’s small body disappeared.</p>
		<p>“Naki. Thank God, you've calmed down.” Abyad was relieved and said looking into his face.</p>
		<p>Naki’s eyelids were half closed as his colorless eyes stared back at him. They were lifeless.</p>
		<p>Naki was gone.</p>
		<p>“Hey, Heey ......!? Naki, NAKI......!”</p>
		<p>Even though he called out to him and shook him, Naki did not respond nor lift a single finger.</p>
		<p>He was dead, his face filled with sorrow.</p>
		<p>“Damn it, why......!?”</p>
		<p>Abyad hugged his body tightly and cried out.</p>
		<p>Why did this happen? Why did the humans kill Naki? I don’t understand.</p>
		<p>He gently laid Naki’s body on the ground and held the sheep doll to his chest.</p>
		<p>“Hang on... I’ll be right back.......” The fetid smell of blood continued to waft from the entrance of Nirvasyl.</p>
		<p>I have to get there. I have to find out what was going on.</p>
		<p>The closer he got to the entrance, the more the smell of bloody rust in the air became horrifyingly thick. Before he knew it, his teeth were chattering and each step he took became harder and harder to take. After passing through the gap between the rocks, he found himself in hell. The whole place was a sea of blood, and the corpses of beastmen were lying everywhere. A horrified gasp escaped from Abyad’s throat.</p>
		<p>“U-Ugh.......” Abyad heard a muffled voice and turned around. It was a monkey beastman leaning against a wall, deeply wounded but still alive.</p>
		<p>“Stay with me, What happened?”</p>
		<p>The moment he rushed over to him and took his hand"Gwaaaaah!”</p>
		<p>“Aaaaah!” The half-dead ape-beastman attacked Abyad, baring its fangs as if it were trying to wring the life out of him.</p>
		<p>As he dodged, the ape-beast plunged head first into the ground and never moved again.</p>
		<p>“Goddamn it......! Goddamn it! What the hell, what the hell is this......!?” Tears of anger welled up in his eyes and trickled down to his clenched fangs.</p>
		<p>He heard a scream from deep within the city. There was still someone alive.</p>
		<p>Abyad started to run as his chest felt like it was going to burst.</p>
		<p>At the end of the road, he saw his people being massacred. Their limbs were being chopped up, and when they could no longer escape, they were stabbed to death with spears without mercy. Large male beastmen, thin female beastmen, the elderly, and children, none were spared.</p>
		<p>“Stop it!!!!” Abyad ran through the streets, slashing at the humans as they continued their atrocities.</p>
		<p>“What the......hell!?”</p>
		<p>“Look out, there’s something here--ggh!”</p>
		<p>Some of them noticed and took up arms, but all of them were reduced to mute wrecks and collapsed after Abyad ran past them. At the far end of the road, clad in blood, there was a man wearing a distinctive suit of armor.</p>
		<p>That must be the general who is commanding the soldiers. That’s him. He’s the one who did this to Nirvasyl. That’s him!</p>
		<p>Abyad caught sight of the man’s face in his blood red vision, and gave a bloody roar.</p>
		<p>“What have you done, humans!? What have you done to my home!? AaaaaaaAAAAAHHHH!!”</p>
		<p>Unlike the fearful people around him, the general picked up a large javelin that was hanging from a nearby horse and quietly took a stance.</p>
		<p>“Come.”</p>
		<p>Abyad heard him murmur the taunt, which brought his anger to a boiling point.</p>
		<p>It was supposed to be an easy fight. Abyad was going to bite and rip his throat out in an instant, just like he had done to the other humans, until the tip of the spear came right at him, with unusual speed and accuracy.</p>
		<p>“What!?”</p>
		<p>He could hear a metallic chattering sound that made his whole body tremble, as sparks fired off in his brain. In a fraction of a second, Abyad had stopped the spear from reaching his throat with his fangs and was gripping the tip with his teeth.</p>
		<p>The general swung his arm around with unbelievable strength, and Abyad was thrown. He adjusted his posture in midair, placing his foot on a wall of a building as he landed, and then kicked with all his might, leaping at the general again. The spear grazed the tip of his nose.</p>
		<p>“Ugh!”</p>
		<p>One after another, streaks of silver light launched after Abyad as he avoided the general’s attacks.</p>
		<p>“What the…!? What the hell is this human….!?”</p>
		<p>The general had a terrifying and formidable skill that Abyad had never encountered before.</p>
		<p>He was slowly being cornered, and realized that the edge of the mortar-lined reservoir was right behind him. The water in the reservoir had completely dried up.</p>
		<p>There has been no rain for the past three months. The beastmen must have been suffering from thirst and distress. All the while, Naki must have been enduring it, looking forward to his gift. That was what had happened, and this was the end.</p>
		<p>How can I accept this? I can never accept this! Never!</p>
		<p>“AaaaaAAAAHHHHH!”</p>
		<p>Abyad leapt with all his might, but suddenly stopped in midair with a sound of ripping flesh as the general’s lance pierced the middle of his torso.</p>
		<p>“I won’t forgive you….! I will never forgive you!!”</p>
		<p>Tears of blood streamed down Abyad’s cheeks as he cried and struggled to close in on the general, the spear sinking deeper into his body.</p>
		<p>The general’s eyebrows twitched slightly at the sight of Abyad’s demonic spirit. He exhaled a small, sharp breath and threw the spear in his hand down into the reservoir with Abyad on it.</p>
		<p>Just as he was reaching out at the face of his enemy, Abyad was launched backward. The tip of the spear struck the bottom of the reservoir with such force that Abyad’s vision exploded into white.</p>
		<p>Unsure if he was alive or dead, Abyad saw the bodies of many beastmen being thrown in around him. There were those who were already dead, some had been killed at the edge of the reservoir and had fallen in, and some were faintly alive and had died right next to him. He saw everything. The blood that flowed from the corpses engulfed his body. He could hear his own submerged body churning, his whole body boiling in the blood of his people. Anger, hatred, and despair were burning his body and mind without ceasing.</p>
		<p>The pain, it hurts. I’m so sorry. I’m so sad. I just want to die.... He wished with his burning heart.</p>
		<p>However, he did not die. He didn’t know how or why he survived. Sometime later, he looked back at the reservoir he had just crawled out of, filled with the bodies and blood of the beastmen, and let out a howl that pierced the sky.</p>
		<p>There was only one thing to do.</p>
		<p>Kill him. I’m going to kill that man. I’m going to kill that general.</p>
		<p>The stench of blood continued out of the city as a long thin trail. There was no way he was letting them get away with what they had done.</p>
		<p>Abyad pursued them like the Grim Reaper, and before he realized it, his body was kicking the ground on all fours. His fur was shining silver, and the wind was scraping off the dried blood that had stuck to it. With each stride, his limbs gained strength and his body became as light as the wind. It was as if the people who perished at Nirvasyl were giving him strength.</p>
		<p>Avenge them. Kill the murders....Yes, I will.</p>
		<p>The sandstorm, that he had feared so much, was now squarely in his face. Running day and night, he reached the enemy fort, where a flag with a cross painted on it was flickering in the wind. As soon as he arrived, he killed every single person he saw. It was a one-sided fight.</p>
		<p>The general, however, was not there.</p>
		<p>“Where is the general? He’s the one who blew a hole in my stomach, ” Abyad asked the person he had pinned down with his paw.</p>
		<p>With tears and snot running down his face, the man replied in a barely audible voice, "He’s not here. He went back to the capital.”</p>
		<p>“I see.”</p>
		<p>Abyad then killed the man by biting his throat.</p>
		<p>He had to follow the smell further.</p>
		<p>The capital. I’ll kill him, along with the rest of the city. I’ll remind him of what he’s done to the beastmen.......</p>
		<p>“You demon......!”</p>
		<p>A trembling voice came from behind him, and Abyad turned around. A human child, no more than ten years old, held a knife as small as a twig in both of his trembling hands and pointed it at him.</p>
		<p>“There’s still one more alive.......”</p>
		<p>“Why are you doing this? Why are you doing this to us......?!” The boy shouted in a sorrowful voice.</p>
		<p>Suddenly, at that moment, the look of fear on his face and his tears overlapped with Naki’s in</p>
		<p>Abyad’s eyes.</p>
		<p>“What…….!?”</p>
		<p>Abyad looked around as if he had just awoken. An old man and woman were lying in a pool of blood, along with the soldiers. There was no smell of beastmen blood. Clearly, they had nothing to do with Nirvasyl’s massacre.</p>
		<p>..But I killed them. I killed them without mercy. I killed them out of anger. I killed them all with of the same hatred and evil. Just like at Nirvasyl. Exactly like those brutal humans who attacked my home.</p>
		<p>“N-no.....AaaaaaaaaaAAAAAH!!!”</p>
		<p>----“I've given up on revenge. I didn’t want to be like those humans. I wanted to think that I was different from those who senselessly slaughter those who can’t fight or are weak. I then went around helping the beastmen. I didn’t want them to suffer the same way I did. I wanted to reduce the tragedies.... and maybe... I just wanted to prove to myself that I was a better creature than those humans….”</p>
		<p>He smiled dryly, and Natalia thought she smelled a dense odor of blood that shouldn’t have been there.</p>
		<p>“But no. I've committed another senseless slaughter. You saw it, right? In the camp where I saved you. In the end, I am still the same brutal creature as those humans. I can’t use the</p>
		<p>Silver Wolf’s power anymore. If I use it, I’ll do the same thing all over again. A thousand years of my life were...... wasted.”</p>
		<p>That’s why he was crying in that camp, Natalia thought.</p>
		<p>“Your thousand years were not in vain.”</p>
		<p>Natalia held her chest as she felt the pain of the emotions that were rapidly building up inside her.</p>
		<p>“You have saved and supported many beastmen. You are truly the savior of beastmen.”</p>
		<p>Shirou’s face twisted in sadness. It was like he was trying to smile but couldn’t.</p>
		<p>“But you are not saved,..... Not yet...... This is not salvation,.......”</p>
		<p>Natalia thought to herself.</p>
		<p>The man who was revered by the beastmen as their savior had suffered so much hurt and pain. Whenever he sees beastmen being mistreated or humans mistreating them, he must remember his homeland and it revives his anger, hatred, and despair. So many times he has forgotten what happiness was. Over and over again. Who else knows about this? Who is there to care for him?</p>
		<p>“I've rambled on too long. I’m sorry. Forget it.......” Shirou mumbled, staring at the square with a glare.</p>
		<p>No one knows the real Shirou. Natalia felt that she was the only one who could help this exhausted savior.</p>
		<p>The next day, Shirou was still sitting on the bench, watching the town. His expression was calmer than ever. In the house they were given as a temporary lodging, there was a dreamcatcher; a strange ornament that could ward away nightmares. Perhaps it had done its job.</p>
		<p>There were other strange things in the town as well. For example, there were narrow poles carved with the faces of humans and animals. These beastmen live in a mysterious culture.</p>
		<p>Nothing had changed since the previous day. The town had a peaceful routine that has probably repeated itself for decades or centuries. Nirvasyl, Abyad’s home, must have been the same.</p>
		<p>Come to think of it, when did Abyad start calling himself Shirou Ogami? That name sounds like it is from Japan, that distant island nation. Perhaps there was something to it that made him choose and continue to carry that name.</p>
		<p>Shirou didn’t talk about it, and Natalia didn’t want to pry in asking.</p>
		<p>It suddenly occurred to Natalia that he might have been looking for a home all along. Now that they had found a town, which was very similar to Nirvasyl, she thought that he might stay here. The edge of the world could be the end of the Silver Wolf’s journey. No one would ever visit such a remote place. The peace and tranquility of Wakhan Taluka will continue for a long time to come. It is a paradise for beastmen, separated from the war-torn world and its inhabitants. Here, he could rest himself. He wouldn’t have to relive his painful memories. If</p>
		<p>Shirou wants to settle here, he can.</p>
		<p>I think… I’ll stay here with him… Natalia thought further.</p>
		<p>She was the only one who knew about his heartbreak. She wanted to be there to support him so he could live in peace. Remembering what she saw back home in Europe, she wanted to forget everything. To Natalia, this did not seem like a bad future.</p>
		<p>Suddenly, she heard the sound of a car engine in the distance, and a murmur spread through the square. The beastmens’ eyes turned toward one direction. Natalia followed their gazes and looked at the entrance to the town.</p>
		<p>A large crowd of humans were trickling into Wakhan Taluka. Shirou was about to get up from the bench when he was interrupted by people shouting, "Will!”</p>
		<p>“Welcome, Will!”</p>
		<p>“I’m glad you’re here! Let’s make a trade!”</p>
		<p>“Will, where’s the necklace you promised? Oh, is that it? Wow, it’s amazing!”</p>
		<p>A group of beastmen crowded around a human woman dressed in a sky-blue ethnic outfit.</p>
		<p>The woman had her black hair tied back and her eyes were dignified. Judging from the atmosphere and the way she looked, she seemed to represent the humans.</p>
		<p>The beastmen were talking to the other humans in a friendly manner, and all of them had unyielding smiles on their faces. As Natalia and Shirou stood, unsure of what was going on, a voice called out, "Will, are you here?”</p>
		<p>“Gregono, it’s good to see you again.”</p>
		<p>“Yes, me too, Will. Thank the heavens and the spirits.”</p>
		<p>The woman called Will and Gregono held hands in an intimate way and were happy to see each other. The group of humans, led by her, quickly dispersed throughout the town. The packages they had brought with them were spread out in the square, and the trading going on for them was more lively than usual.</p>
		<p>“What the hell is this......!?”</p>
		<p>Shirou’s voice shook Natalia’s body, as he was deeply upset by what he saw. The scene that had been his home until a moment ago was suddenly invaded by humans. For him, it was nothing less than a replay of his nightmare.</p>
		<p>As his eyes raced around the square, he saw something that nailed him to his core. A</p>
		<p>beastman child and a human child were playing happily. The beastman was a sheep beastman and in his hand was a sheep doll decorated with beads.</p>
		<p>Something inside him snapped.</p>
		<p>“Get out! Humans do not belong here! They will betray the beastmen. I've seen it all my life!”</p>
		<p>There was no time for Natalia to stop him. Shirou, who had unconsciously transformed into his wolf form, and was yelling and shouting at the top of his lungs.</p>
		<p>“Mr. Ogami!”</p>
		<p>Natalia rushed over to him, but the square, which had been filled with smiles and laughter, fell silent, and the two were met with confused and surprised stares from all directions.</p>
		<p>“This is, I mean…” As Natalia spun in circles trying to explain Shirou’s actions, a woman stepped in front of her.</p>
		<p>It was the woman called Will. She looked at Shirou with a resolute gaze and said in a calm but firm voice, “We have lived with the beastmen for a long time. Brother wolf, we are not your enemies.”</p>
		<p>“Yes, calm down, Ogami. Let’s talk. Right here. Take a seat.” Gregono said as he walked up after Will, and immediately pointed to his feet.</p>
		<p>“Mr. Ogami,” Natalia touched his arm soothingly, and he sat down on the ground with his wolf fangs clenched.</p>
		<p>Gregono and Will waved their hands around as if nothing was wrong, and the square regained its original liveliness.</p>
		<p>I’m sorry to have startled you, Ogami. This is Will, of the Niyor tribe. Will, this is Ogami, a traveling beastman, and Natalia.</p>
		<p>“Nice to meet you,” said Will.</p>
		<p>“Nice to meet you, too,” responded Natalia.</p>
		<p>Will and Natalia were the only ones who exchanged greetings, while Shirou only lifted his lips slightly and flashed his fangs to show his displeasure.</p>
		<p>“The Niyor are an ancient tribe on this continent, and they have been in contact with the beastmen here since long before the white brothers came across the sea.”</p>
		<p>Will added on to Gregono’s explanation. “In my tribe, we have a close relationship with the beastmen, respecting them as the link between man and animal, and between man and spirit. We have a history of working together to fight against invaders. There is no way we would betray the beastmen. It would be akin to betraying our family.”</p>
		<p>“You respect the beastmen ......?” Natalia asked in disbelief.</p>
		<p>Will nodded and smiled a little mischievously. “Yes. At the same time, they also respect us. I personally admire beastmen who can take the form of animals and use their powers. When I was a little girl, I believed that one day I could become a bear like Gregono.”</p>
		<p>The smile on her face was surprisingly childlike, and made Will’s dignified appearance look very adorable, Natalia thought. Gregono, who was laughing beside her, seemed to be somewhat embarrassed. Natalia felt like she understood their relationship a little more.</p>
		<p>“I know that the beastmen are in a difficult position in other lands.” Will said, her expression and voice changing.</p>
		<p>I also know that what Ogami said is happening. However, that is not the entirety of the relationship between humans and beastmen. Besides, our tribe has also been treated harshly by our white brothers. I understand their suffering.</p>
		<p>With each word she spoke, Natalia could feel Will’s pride in preserving history and her strong gratitude for being protected by it. It was not a short-term alliance like the gangsters in New</p>
		<p>York had, but a solid relationship of trust that had been maintained for generations. The invisible wall separating beastmen and humans that she felt in New York did not exist here.</p>
		<p>She thought that it was just her imagination at the time, but....</p>
		<p>“By the way, you guys came across the ocean, didn’t you?” asked Will.</p>
		<p>“Yes, we did.” Natalia responded positively to the sound of Will’s voice, which had changed from an explanatory tone to a curious one. Strangely enough, she wanted to talk to them about more things.</p>
		<p>“Is it true that there is a legend of a silver wolf over there that saves beastmen in distress?”</p>
		<p>She barely stopped herself from turning to look at Shirou, but sensing something strange in</p>
		<p>Will’s tone, Natalia asked in return, "Don’t you have the legend here?”</p>
		<p>“The legend of the silver wolf is said to have come from the beastmen who crossed the sea.</p>
		<p>Originally, the legend did not exist in our folklore,” responded Gregono.</p>
		<p>Will followed Gregono’s words with her own thoughts, “Perhaps it was a legend spread by the beastmen living in a difficult environment to serve as a source of comfort. All of the beastmen in this continent interacted with some tribe or another, like ours, and were not treated any differently, so the tradition of such a savior did not come to be.”</p>
		<p>“Wow... that’s a great way to think about it...” responded Gregono.</p>
		<p>It is true that the scope of Shirou’s activities did not extend to this side of the world, but it was</p>
		<p>Will’s view that was interesting. As long as the silver wolf was standing right next to Natalia with his head atop his shoulders, he was anything but a fairy tale. However, if it were assumed that he was a fictional being, what other explanation could be the cause?</p>
		<p>“Will is also a historian of beastmen and humans,” explained Gregono.</p>
		<p>“Is that so? That’s great.......” responded Natalia</p>
		<p>“Oh, please. It’s not that big of a deal. It’s just something I like to document.” Will chuckled and asked, "Do you like to study, Natalia?”</p>
		<p>“Yes, I do. I like it. It’s fun to learn what you don’t know!”</p>
		<p>“I see. Me too!”</p>
		<p>Will and Natalia smiled at each other.</p>
		<p>Natalia was simply happy. The beastmen back home had always treated her like a fool for studying, but Will understood the importance, or rather, the fun of learning. She needed to talk to Will more. She thought it would be good for Shirou to get some information from her that he did not know, as well.</p>
		<p>That’s when it happened.</p>
		<p>Suddenly, they heard the sound of a rough engine, and a car drove through the gap in the rocks into Wakhan Taluka.</p>
		<p>The beastmen who had gathered near the entrance fled in surprise.</p>
		<p>“What the hell are you doing? You're driving into their home!” Will’s shoulders twitched in anger as she let out an angry shout.</p>
		<p>Sensing abnormality, the beastmen in the area transformed into their beast forms and gathered the children close to the adults.</p>
		<p>The car came to a halt, kicking up a cloud of sand and dust.</p>
		<p>Although it was covered in red sand, the curved surface of its black body polished jade. The front end, with its somewhat insect-like appearance,intimidation, as if to show off human power. In a place where there simplicity, these civilized industrial machines were extremely elegant, but full of hostility.</p>

		<p>was as smooth as gave off an air of was nothing but at the same time,</p>

		<p>The door opened and a man in a suit stepped out with a pompous motion. He was a small brown haired man with a crusty-looking face. He looked very different from Will and the others. He was a city man, like the ones Natalia had seen in New York. He didn’t have the stark demeanor of Vincent or Jackson, but instead he had an air of cold-heartedness about him.</p>
		<p>Two men emerged from the backseat and lined up right behind the first one. Their eyes were covered by sunglasses, but their bodies were huge; at least twice the size of the first man.</p>
		<p>Unless he had two fathers, they seemed to be his bodyguards.</p>
		<p>The small man walked toward Natalia and the others, brushing his face with a handkerchief as he tried to avoid the drifting sand and dust that stained his pitch-black suit.</p>
		<p>“Well well well, when I saw that ramshackled truck parked out here in the wilderness, I wasn’t expecting to find a town full of people out here in the middle of nowhere,” the man said cheerfully. His voice stuck in Natalia’s ears.</p>
		<p>“Who are you, and what the hell are you doing here?” Gregono, now in his human form, stepped forward.</p>
		<p>When he was in his bear form, he had a certain charm, but now his appearance was distinctly fearless. She could see that the bodyguards behind the man in the suit had shoved forward about a thumb’s length.</p>
		<p>“My name is Ivan Harriott, and I’m with the Great Western Oil Field Development</p>
		<p>Organization. Here’s my card.”</p>
		<p>Gregono looked at the business card he was handed and furrowed his brow, “Oil field development?”</p>
		<p>“Yes, sir. We're surveying the oil fields in the area. The country has been consuming a ridiculous amount of oil due to the war, and Europe is experiencing a serious fuel shortage as well. The more new oil fields we drill, the more money we make.”</p>
		<p>“What does that have to do with us?” Gregono asked warily, to which Ivan replied without hesitation.</p>
		<p>“Yes, we're planning to investigate this area and the upper reaches of the nearby river, so I’m afraid you'll all have to leave.”</p>
		<p>“What the hell….!?”</p>
		<p>The beastmen who were listening to the conversation were stunned by the audacious one-sidedness of his words and one of them shouted, “Don’t be stupid!” Gregono was about to shout at the man that he could go screw himself, when he was suddenly confronted with a stack of documents.</p>
		<p>“This is the land title, and this is the permission form for the survey. The rest is the consent form for everything else. You can read my signature, right? Do you know what a signature is?</p>
		<p>You write your name. It’s proof that you agreed to do it.”</p>
		<p>“Whose name is this?”</p>
		<p>“Well? All we need is your signature on this form and we're good to go.”</p>
		<p>As soon as he heard this, Gregono took the document from him and crushed it into a crumpled mess. If he had been in his beast form, it would have been Ivan’s head.</p>
		<p>“Ah…. It was such a pain in the ass to make this,” Ivan spat out a few barbed lines, as he watched emotionlessly as the crushed up papers were thrown on the ground.</p>
		<p>Gregono spoke without hesitation, “What is the use of such documents? We have lived here since long before you came to the continent. You have no right to tell us what to do.”</p>
		<p>“I don’t see why not,” Ivan looked around Wakhan Taluka, scratching his head. A small child hiding behind a cart made eye contact with him and ran away with a squeal. Ivan chuckled.</p>
		<p>“Are you sure you live here? I don’t think any sane person can live in such an uncivilized place.”</p>
		<p>Then he added deliberately, “But I could understand if they were savages or dangerous beastmen.”</p>
		<p>Gregono and the others’ shoulders shook with soundless agitation.</p>
		<p>Natalia had heard from Vincent and the others that even in the United States, the position of beastmen was weak. If a human kills a human, they will be judged as having committed a serious crime, but if a human kills a beastman, there are cases where the crime is not even punished, let alone questioned.</p>
		<p>The police, the judges, and the criminals all see the beastmen as subhuman creatures. That is the position of beastmen in this country. If they find out that you are a beastman, there is no telling what they will do to you.</p>
		<p>“......There are no beastmen here. This is a place that their ancestors used for rituals. Some of them still cherish it and live here. That’s it.” With a pained look on her face, Will squeezed out a voice from beside Natalia.</p>
		<p>“Hmm?” Ivan again responded emotionlessly, walking all the way over to Will and peered up at her slumped face from below. “You're a Niyor, aren’t you? You're far away from the reservation, and I don’t think you’re allowed to be out here.”</p>
		<p>“I have permission.”</p>
		<p>“Oh, really? I've heard that the natives had made some strange connections with the state.......</p>
		<p>Well, I don’t care either way,” he talked as if he could do anything about it.</p>
		<p>“...... Anyway, I’m sure this is where they live. If they force our hand, we'll go to the authorities.”</p>
		<p>Will glared back at Ivan with her eyes full of power. His eyebrows moved slightly as if a breeze had blown, and then he turned around, saying only, "Well, okay.”</p>
		<p>“Negotiations only really begin when you are told no. ...... Anyway, I’m going home for today.</p>
		<p>So long.” he said in an emotionless voice that had never moved from an even temperature.</p>
		<p>Ivan and the other men then got in the car and drove away.</p>
		<p>Gregono and Will looked at each other with seriousness in their eyes, and the beastmen who were observing became upset as well. Natalia glanced at Shirou’s face, his anger and hatred were showing stronger than ever. This town was no paradise after all.</p>
		<p>The next morning, Natalia and the children of the town went to fetch water from the stream that flowed right next to Wakhan Taluka. It was the children’s job to fetch water three times a day, morning, noon, and night.</p>
		<p>“This river is the lifeblood of Wakhan Taluka. If there is ever any construction upstream that affects the water, the beastmen will not be able to survive.” Will, who had come along to help, murmured darkly.</p>
		<p>She had stayed up late the previous night discussing something with Gregono and the others, and the fatigue was clearly visible on her face. When she realized that her comment had darkened the atmosphere around her, she hurriedly put on a smile and dunked her homemade bucket into the river.</p>
		<p>“This used to be a dry river that would only flow when it rained,” she said, “Even then, when it flowed, it would become a torrent that was too dangerous to approach. People were suffering.”</p>
		<p>“How is it so calm now?”</p>
		<p>Will smiled, as if she had been waiting for Natalia’s question. “Our ancestors and the beastmen worked together to build a dam upstream to control the flow of water. Thanks to their efforts, Wakhan Taluka no longer suffered from water shortages or thirst.”</p>
		<p>“Wow,....... That’s amazing, for both groups.”</p>
		<p>Nirvasyl, a city very similar to Wakhan Taluka, was also suffering from drought. Here, such water problems were solved by the beastmen working with the humans.</p>
		<p>Natalia wondered about Shirou and what he was thinking now. He hadn’t spoken a word to her since the day before.</p>
		<p>At least...... Natalia looked up at the camp of humans downstream.</p>
		<p>She would never have the courage to barge in there alone. She felt that the situation was extremely dangerous after Ivan left, but wondered if Shirou would be able to keep himself from doing such.</p>
		<p>“Hey, where'd Orica go?” said one of the beastman children as he looked around at his friends.</p>
		<p>“Orica’s not here," another replied.</p>
		<p>“She’s slacking off, isn’t she? ......" said another.</p>
		<p>“She shouldn’t be! Let’s have Gregono scold her!”</p>
		<p>Natalia and Will couldn’t help but smile at each other at the way each spoke. Fetching water was not only a sacred duty for the children to fulfill as members of the town, but also a source of pride.</p>
		<p>However, when Natalia returned to town, she discovered that the situation had become very serious. The air in Wakhan Taluka had been heavy and somber since yesterday morning, but even so, the situation was not as dire as it was now. Shirou, Gregono, and the other adults were gathered in the square, their hard faces turned downward.</p>
		<p>“What’s going on?” Natalia and Will asked as they rushed over.</p>
		<p>“Orica has been kidnapped.” Gregono said in a hushed voice. Both Natalia and Will were speechless.</p>
		<p>“It seems she was attacked yesterday when she was fetching water in the evening. Orica’s parents died so she is usually with the rest of her family, but at night she is home alone. No one noticed until morning. We found this near the entrance to the town......”</p>
		<p>Gregono held out a piece of paper with fold marks on it. It said, “If you want the child, leave as soon as possible.”</p>
		<p>It was written in precise handwriting. There was no doubt who the culprit was.</p>
		<p>“They knew we were beastmen from the start, didn’t they?” Gregono said with a bitter look on his face. “So yesterday was just an inspection. They were trying to find out which one of us was the toughest beastman.”</p>
		<p>He turned on his heel silently, but Natalia grabbed on to him just in time.</p>
		<p>“What are you going to do, Mr. Ogami!?”</p>
		<p>“I’m gonna go beat them up and get Orica,” he responded.</p>
		<p>“You can’t do this alone. They have guns.” said Gregono as he tried to discourage him.</p>
		<p>Shirou just replied, "I can win," and didn’t stop moving forward as Natalia was being dragged along.</p>
		<p>“The moment you jump in, they'll kill Orica!”</p>
		<p>Natalia’s words brought him to a halt. She could hear the sound of his back teeth clenching and creaking.</p>
		<p>“So what do we do? Are we going to do what they say?”</p>
		<p>Gregono turned around to Shirou and gave him a fierce look, responding in a calm voice, “We have no objection to getting Orica back, but I don’t want a reckless assault. Let’s plan a strategy.”</p>
		<p>“Let us help you.” Spoke Will. Gregono nodded at her offer, but was interrupted by a sharp voice.</p>
		<p>“This is a beastman problem. Humans should stay out of it.”</p>
		<p>“Mr. Ogami!” Natalia shouted in disapproval, but Shirou did not stop his hostile gaze at Will, or rather, her humanity.</p>
		<p>“….I'd like to ask you and the others for your wisdom, Will. Can you help me?”</p>
		<p>“Yes. I’ll do my best.” Will nodded her head in affirmation to Gregono. Gregono then glared at</p>
		<p>Shirou to remind him. Their unity was firm, and their decision was correct.</p>
		<p>Will cut in front of everyone to ascertain the current situation. “The biggest problem is the guards. They probably have radios and are still keeping their eyes on the town. It’s safe to assume that Ivan is in the camp and is aware of our movements.”</p>
		<p>“Then should we take out the guards first?” Asked Natalia.</p>
		<p>“No, if any one of them loses contact with another, they’ll know something is wrong. They'll be ready for that.”</p>
		<p>Will immediately dismissed her, and Natalia groaned. They were a cunning bunch.</p>
		<p>“Their camp is on a high plateau with a good view of the river downstream. They're probably on the lookout for our attack, but if we take advantage of the dark of night, a surprise attack is possible,” Gregono pondered.</p>
		<p>“But she just said they have guards, right?” Interjected a beastman, and everyone groaned again.</p>
		<p>“In other words, as long as we can control what the guards see, we pretty much have the upperhand.” The beastmen around her looked up at Natalia’s comment. Will smiled and nodded in satisfaction.</p>
		<p>“That’s right. If you can hide your first move, your surprise attack will usually be successful. No matter how many lights they prepare, the night vision of the beastmen is far superior.”</p>
		<p>This is the crucial moment, Natalia thought, and she began to mumble her thoughts out loud, “Use decoys again? Not like the goats before, but this time…”</p>
		<p>“What’s this about goats?”</p>
		<p>Will looked at her intrigued as she listened to Natalia explaining the diversion technique she had used before. She listened and nodded several times as if to confirm something, then put her hand on her chin and said, “Those things we brought with us might be useful.”</p>
		<p>Then everyone in the room listened in on Will’s proposed plan.</p>
		<p>“Also, how about something like this?” Natalia added her own ideas.</p>
		<p>“Okay...... it’s decided. We'll do it tonight,” said Gregono, as everyone nodded strongly, except for one person. Shirou.</p>
		<p>----"Natalia. Have you seen Ogami?”</p>
		<p>The mission was about to begin, and Natalia felt her heart skip a beat as she heard Gregono’s words while people were busily coming and going in the darkened Wakhan Taluka square.</p>
		<p>“He’s not here? Don’t tell me he went to the camp alone….!?”</p>
		<p>“No, I don’t think that’s the case. I’m sorry, but I need you to go find him. I need as many men as I can get right now.”</p>
		<p>“Yes, sir.” As Natalia was about to run away, she heard Gregono’s voice call out to her.</p>
		<p>“Wait.”</p>
		<p>When she turned to look at him, she saw the evening shadows etched on his pensive face, as if he was deep in thought.</p>
		<p>“Ogami is trapped in hatred.”</p>
		<p>“I understand, sir.” Natalia said, as she nodded quietly.</p>
		<p>“He has anger and hatred not only for humans, but also for the reality surrounding beastmen.</p>
		<p>He hates this world.”</p>
		<p>She could not deny what Gregono was saying.</p>
		<p>“He must have seen so many terrible things, but I have a feeling he’s turned even himself into an object of hatred.”</p>
		<p>“What do you mean….?”</p>
		<p>When she looked at him questioningly, Gregono said, “I don’t know why, but I just feel it.” He then shook his head in resignation.</p>
		<p>“We'll work with Will and the others to get this done. However, if he can’t accept that, then please….don’t force him to join us. From our point of view, Ogami is in a very vulnerable situation. We don’t want him to suffer because of us.”</p>
		<p>“.....I understand, but I’ll try to persuade him, first.”</p>
		<p>Natalia turned and ran off this time. As she did, all she could hear was Gregono’s soft words say, "I’m sorry.”</p>
		<p>Where is Shirou? She thought.</p>
		<p>Sensing that he was not in the town, Natalia left the rocky terrain and searched in a different direction from the human campsite. The fact that he had disappeared right before it was time to depart, meant that he had rejected the mission. While that was probably true, he was not the kind of heartless person to abandon others and observe from on high.</p>
		<p>As expected she found him. He was sitting on a flat rock, with his back to the town and the human campsite. The moon, which was rising and just beginning to glow white, stretched his shadow long and wide.</p>
		<p>“Mr. Ogami, it’s time to go!” Natalia called out in a cheerful, yet daringly blunt manner, as if there was nothing to worry about.</p>
		<p>His shoulders twitched, then slumped, “I’m not going.”</p>
		<p>Natalia took a few steps closer, “What are you talking about? You're not going to help</p>
		<p>Gregono and the others?”</p>
		<p>“I don’t want to work with humans.”</p>
		<p>“The life of the beastman child is at stake, Orica’s life is at stake!” Even when Natalia said this, Shirou did not move.</p>
		<p>“Do you hate humans so much that you even hate beastmen who cooperate with humans?”</p>
		<p>She knew this to be true. He had always been like that.</p>
		<p>“I understand why you hate humans. You have told me about the beginning of your journey. I know what you have seen since then, and the humans you have encountered. They were selfish, one-sided, and they attacked beastmen. You have been watching such scenes for a thousand years......”</p>
		<p>He can’t forgive anyone anymore. He can’t trust anyone. Who can blame him for feeling that way? The ones to blame are the humans who pushed him to that point, and the world of those humans. His anger is righteous.</p>
		<p>“..But right now, a child’s life, Orica’s life, is at stake. If we lose them, we can’t get them back.</p>
		<p>We can still save her now. If you don’t do anything now, you will surely regret it. It will become one more thing causing you to suffer. Let’s go, Mr. Ogami, hey!”</p>
		<p>“My mind already knows that!”</p>
		<p>Shirou’s trembling cry cut off Natalia’s pleading voice.</p>
		<p>“Our first priority right now is to save the lives of the beastmen. Gregono and you are right.</p>
		<p>We should cooperate with the humans. We have to use whatever we can to save the girl! I know this in my head! My body wants to jump out of my skin right now and go! But......, but my......!”</p>
		<p>His fist slammed into the ground.</p>
		<p>“My heart won’t respond!”</p>
		<p>His voice was sorrowful, as if he were crying. She was sure he was crying.</p>
		<p>“Whenever I try to go, my heart pushes me back. I keep hearing, 'Don’t forget your home!</p>
		<p>Remember what the humans did to you! You have already forgiven them!?’.....I loved......</p>
		<p>Nirvasyl.......! I wanted to protect them.......! If only I had more power back then......! If only there were no humans ......! The humans... I hate the humans...... humans….”</p>
		<p>“Mr. Ogami......”</p>
		<p>He hates humans, he hates the world, and he even hates himself. Natalia thought she understood a little of what Gregono had said.</p>
		<p>Natalia started walking, one step at a time, towards Shirou’s turned back.</p>
		<p>“I have your anger, I have your hatred. I also lost my people when my village was burned. It may be a small pain compared to the pain you suffered for a thousand years, but if only for a moment, I can understand how you feel.”</p>
		<p>She placed her hand on Shirou’s trembling shoulder and pressed her forehead against it.</p>
		<p>“I have always been fascinated by human culture. As I followed you around, I listened to human music, ate their food, and was moved by all of it. But at the same time, I remember. I remember what they did to me in that camp. Their brutality. I wondered if I could ever forgive the humans, even as I was moved by what they had created.......”</p>
		<p>She took a small breath and continued, "But I still think that there are wonderful things in human culture. I think there are some wonderful humans out there! I don’t want it all to go down in hatred! I want my mind…. to be free, no matter how painful my past is, no matter how painful my memories are!”</p>
		<p>Shirou’s shoulders shuddered.</p>
		<p>“Because it’s frustrating, isn’t it...? It’s your mind, and you can’t do what you want with it. It can’t be free….!” Wiping away the tears that had started to flow before she knew it, Natalia looked up.</p>
		<p>“I’m going to fight. Even if you don’t come.”</p>
		<p>She continued, “You have been suffering for a long time. Your pain is immeasurable. Even if you have a supernatural body that can heal all of its physical wounds, your heart is full of scars. I can’t ask you to become a brand new animal, but if you can free yourself, even if only for just a moment, please come and help me. I’ll be waiting.”</p>
		<p>After saying her final words into Shirou, Natalia left. She returned to Gregono and the others, told them that she could not find Shirou, but that she would still participate in the mission.</p>
		<p>She then left Wakhan Taluka with them.</p>
		<p>----The opponents were humans with guns. Even if she could sneak up on them, there was no guarantee that she would be safe in the event of a melee. Someone, or even she, might die.</p>
		<p>Still, she couldn’t stop herself from doing it. For herself, and for him.</p>
		<p>The moon was becoming obscured by clouds, and the wilderness was about to be covered in deep darkness.</p>
		<p>“How are the beastmen doing?”</p>
		<p>Two ex-military men, employed by the Great Western Oil Development Organization, look down on the town of beastmen from a hill.</p>
		<p>“Look at that.”</p>
		<p>One man handed the other binoculars and he frowned at the magnified view.</p>
		<p>“What the hell are they doing?”</p>
		<p>“Maybe they’re desperate and praying to God.”</p>
		<p>The first man had no objection to what his partner said. On the other side of the lens, all he could see was a group of bipedal beasts dancing around a large bonfire. He responded, “"Do they have a god?”</p>
		<p>“I’m sure they have one. There’s probably an effigy made of straw that’s about to be cursed.”</p>
		<p>The man looked at the beastmen in the square one by one, listening to their voices. Bear type, wolf type, tiger type, and rhino type....... He identified all of the dangerous people on his list. He made especially sure to identify the beastman with the eye patch. They were likely the same kind of warriors the men had seen in the war. If the beastmen were planning an attack, there was no way these beastmen would not join in, but they were all dancing by the fire like idiots.</p>
		<p>“I don’t know what these animals are thinking.”</p>
		<p>The man laughed and spat, then turned to a nearby radio and sent out a routine message,</p>
		<p>“All clear.”</p>
		<p>The cold night wind of the wilderness soaked into his bones more than he expected. After pouring whiskey down his throat and snacking from his beloved skittles, the man cursed God and his employer for sending him to the edge of the Earth with only a thin blanket.</p>
		<p>The animals were dancing around the fire. Their usually joyful and proud dance was not as graceful tonight as it had been in the past. Dressed in a bear costume with an eye patch, Will continued to circle around the fire, exaggerating her dance movements so that she would stand out and be seen. It was a "powwow," a festival of friendship among the tribes. She never anticipated that the traditional costumes she had brought with her for this purpose, which were made to look like great animals, would come in handy in such a situation. If one is not accustomed to seeing beastmen transformed into their beast forms, it would be difficult to spot a Niyor among the beastmen. Will, in particular, had always watched Gregono’s unique dancing from up close. She was confident that she could dance better than he could.</p>
		<p>----“Please return safely, everyone. Gregono......” Will wished her departing compatriots good luck, grateful for the long history of interaction her ancestors had built with the beastmen.</p>
		<p>The humans’ campsite was larger than they had expected, surrounded by a number of loaded vehicles. Natalia and the others were laid prone in the sparse shrubbery, trying to get a better look. The camp was peaceful, they could even hear the occasional drunken laugh.</p>
		<p>“Good, the guards don’t seem to have noticed us. Will and the others did a good job.” said</p>
		<p>Gregono in a low voice. He had transformed into a grizzly bear. His companions gave a sigh of relief but it was short lived.</p>
		<p>“This is it, the enemy has guns,” his warning immediately brought back the sense of tension.</p>
		<p>Natalia had already explained the threat to them. A bear or rhinoceros beastman with a strong body might be able to withstand a small-gauge pistol, but the humans know they are going up against beastmen. They had likely prepared powerful firearms to kill the group.</p>
		<p>“You know what to do.”</p>
		<p>“Yes, sir.” Natalia answered quickly and nodded.</p>
		<p>Gregono and his men were going to attack the camp and cause a commotion. While that happened, Natalia was to rescue Orica. With Will and the others included, the plan relied on two levels of diversion. Natalia, who is unable to fight directly, was chosen for her part in the mission because of her small size, agility, and her experience in attacking and defending against humans. The fact that she had survived being shot at by a gang in New York harbor seemed only coincidental, though.</p>
		<p>“The moon is still covered, now’s your chance. We'll move as soon as we see you enter.”</p>
		<p>“Please be careful of their weapons.”</p>
		<p>Natalia transformed into a beast. Her hair began to fall out, revealing her true nature as a naked mole-rat. Her skin became more sensitive and acute and she could read the direction of the wind on her face.</p>
		<p>After seeing a picture of a girl with beautifully dressed hair in a book in her village, Natalia didn’t like her beast form very much. Even though her hair would grow back as soon as she was in human form again, she felt that her naked head was very ugly and disgusting. She had not transformed into a beast since she had started her journey. She did not want him to see her like this.</p>
		<p>However, she could not afford to think like that right now. There was no silver wolf to rely on.</p>
		<p>She would have to use all of her strength to fight. Natalia ran through the dark night, moving along the ground on all fours and around to the back of the campsite.</p>
		<p>So far, so good. She could tell through her skin that the guards they had tricked at Wakan</p>
		<p>Taluka had not alerted the camp and that no one was wary of her presence.</p>
		<p>She searched for Orica’s scent, or rather, the scent of a beastman.</p>
		<p>What............? That’s strange. A beastman’s scent, but more than one......?</p>
		<p>Hurriedly, she searched again for Orica based on the smell of the whole town of Wakhan</p>
		<p>Taluka.</p>
		<p>Natalia found her. She was surrounded by the smell of metal and rubber.</p>
		<p>She must be in a car, Natalia thought.</p>
		<p>Natalia snuck into the area where a number of cars were parked, masking any sign of her presence as she searched, but Orica wasn’t there.</p>
		<p>A vehicle parked near the humans’ tent looked suspicious. It was a large truck, and she could just barely hear the muffled sound of a small voice sobbing inside. There’s no doubt about it.</p>
		<p>There she is.</p>
		<p>Just as she was about to move, her toe collided with something. It made a loud sound and rolled away. It was an empty can that had been discarded.</p>
		<p>“Who’s that!?”</p>
		<p>A human heard the sound and pointed a light in her direction, and the circle of light fell right next to Natalia. She quickly dove into a nearby bush, but she could still easily be seen if the light shone directly on her.</p>
		<p>Damn it….!</p>
		<p>As panic filled her chest, a shadow jumped into the circle of light that fell on the ground.</p>
		<p>“Kaa!”</p>
		<p>It was Kuro.</p>
		<p>“What the,... a crow? You scared the hell out of me.” The human clicked his tongue and kicked the ground roughly, throwing sand at Kuro. Suddenly, a gunshot rang out on the other side of the camp.</p>
		<p>“W-What the hell is going on!?”</p>
		<p>Gregono and the others rushed in. The humans turned bloodthirsty and ran in the direction of the sound of gunfire.</p>
		<p>“Thank you, Kuro!”</p>
		<p>“Kaaah! Ka-......”</p>
		<p>Natalia hugged him extremely tightly, and he squawked and flapped his wings in distress.</p>
		<p>The soft feel of his feathers reassured her, and Natalia approached the back of the vehicle with determination.</p>
		<p>----The sound of gunfire rang out, accompanied by flashes of light, as pebbles and pieces of earth ricocheted off the ground and struck his fur. Even though he knew that it was important that he attract the humans’ attention, he was having a hard time restraining his legs from making him flee into the darkness.</p>
		<p>“Spread out! Don’t stand still!” Responding to Gregono’s scolding, his compatriots ran around in the dark night.</p>
		<p>Even with moving targets, there was no guarantee that all the scattered bullets would miss everyones’ bodies.</p>
		<p>Since when did beastmen, who have always had the upper hand in hand-to-hand fights, start to become outmatched by humans in head-to-head combat? In the days of bows and spears, even beastmen children were not threatened by them, As he pondered his incomprehensible thoughts, Gregono rushed forward, causing a human to fire and miss.</p>
		<p>If we push them too far, they will use Orica as a shield. Ideally, we should be able to antagonize them lightly enough to draw them out, but if we take too much time, they may realize that this was a diversion. However...</p>
		<p>Looking directly at the approaching ricochets of bullets bouncing off the ground and feeling like he was being chased by a poisonous snake, Gregono dove into the darkness where there were no lights and exhaled heavily.</p>
		<p>I don’t think I can take much more of this.......! Offense is the best defense. That is to say, the safest thing to do is to give your opponent only enough time to shield themselves. What we're doing now is the exact opposite.</p>
		<p>It had been a long time since Natalia had infiltrated the camp. Believing that she had already found the hostage or even escaped, Gregono made the decision to go on the offensive.</p>
		<p>“Oh my God!”</p>
		<p>A rock the size of a man’s head just missed a human. Even though they can’t make weapons as complicated as firearms, beastmen have always had weapons that could kill with a single blow.</p>
		<p>“Whoa, that was close!”</p>
		<p>“Shit, where did that come from? There!”</p>
		<p>The humans who reacted to the stone throwing turned their guns and scattered bullets all at once into a corner of the darkness</p>
		<p>There was a gap in some of the gunfire and Bal, a buffalo beastman, leaped into the opening and rammed the humans one by one.</p>
		<p>“Way to go, Bal!”</p>
		<p>The last one, who tried to retreat in a hurry, was also defeated by another beastman who was hiding behind a car, and Gregono and the others were finally able to catch their breath.</p>
		<p>“Did you kill them all, by any chance? Maybe we should have done this from the start.” Bal snickered as he stroked his prized horns.</p>
		<p>“Don’t let your guard down yet. A gun is a weapon that can kill a man with one finger.”</p>
		<p>Gregono said as he was about to head for the tent when he heard a loud noise. A square hole appeared in the starry sky.</p>
		<p>“What?!”</p>
		<p>Immediately afterwards, a human car came falling down, crashing through the night sky.</p>
		<p>“Whoa!”</p>
		<p>“Bal!”</p>
		<p>Although he escaped the direct hit, the erratically bouncing car caught Bal off guard and sent him flying. A huge, earth-shaking step almost knocked Gregono off his feet. Then, from the direction from which the car had flown, appeared…</p>
		<p>“It’s a beastman.......!”</p>
		<p>Dressed in what was probably the largest human combat uniform ever made, was a hippopotamus beastman with sharp eyes. Gregono read the intense murderous intent in the small eyes under his thick eyelids and knew immediately that he was not an ally.</p>
		<p>“There were beastmen soldiers, too?! No wonder Ivan was so smug!”</p>
		<p>Gregono shouted out and threw a punch at the hippo. A battle between the bear and a hippopotamus, something which would never happen in the natural world, ensued. It ended when the hippopotamus ducked downward to avoid the first blow then, grabbing the bear by the feet, he used both of his arms to throw Gregono.</p>
		<p>“You son of a bitch!”</p>
		<p>A cheetah beastman jumped at the bear from behind, but just as he was about to thrust his fangs into him, Gregono grabbed the cheetah by the neck and knocked him to the ground.</p>
		<p>When Gregono turned and saw Bal’s face, who’s eyes were rolled back with his head limp, he knew his opponent was an extremely talented warrior. Warriors do not stand still when they are on the cusp of victory. The hippopotamus quickly picked up a fallen machine gun. His posture, with his huge arms and hands held in a surprisingly precise manner, clearly showed that he had been a part of the human battlefield and had handled firearms.</p>
		<p>I’m going to be shot!</p>
		<p>Cold blood rushed through Gregono’s body, and his muscles contracted inward as he prepared for the gunshot.</p>
		<p>“AwwoooooOOOOOoooooo…..”</p>
		<p>The wolf’s howl, as if falling from the sky, slowed the hippo beastman’s trigger finger. In the next instant, five trails of light fell down and cut the machine gun in half at the middle. Claws.</p>
		<p>Claws sharp and strong enough to cut through metal with ease. The man stood up from his crouched position in front of the startled hippopotamus, who backed away. The moon, which had been hidden by clouds, illuminated the wilderness and the man with the gray fur.</p>
		<p>The silvery wolf was here.</p>
		<p>----Earlier…</p>
		<p>After Natalia left, Shirou was still stuck there. What she had said was right and wise. It was clear to him that he should follow her. However, even though he knew that much, even though he had already convinced himself that she was right, he just couldn’t act. It was not just a petty thing like being stubborn, or hard-headed; the core of his heart had become so rigid, or fossilized, that he couldn’t move his feet.</p>
		<p>Soon, he heard the sound of gunfire in the distance. The roar of firing rounds that would have rattled his head if he had heard it at close range was reduced to small popping sounds at his current distance. Among them, there were those who were fighting. Their lives were now in danger. That girl, too.</p>
		<p>“What the hell am I doing here?! I’m…”</p>

		<p>He put all the strength he had into his legs and stood up. However, the heaviness of his heart would not allow him to move any further.</p>
		<p>My body is hopelessly heavy. I can’t even muster up the energy. Even if I made it to the battlefield, I would only be a hindrance to them. It would be better to just stay here and cower in silence.</p>
		<p>“There you are!”</p>
		<p>When a voice unexpectedly sounded from behind him, Shirou’s whole body stiffened.</p>
		<p>“Oh, uh, the wolf, the traveler…”</p>
		<p>He looked back over his shoulder slightly and saw a young beastman boy standing just out of the corner of his eye. It must have taken a beastman’s strength to get this far, because he was transformed into his beast form. He was a sheep beastman. He was the same child Shirou had often seen in the square.</p>
		<p>“Gregono and the others have left. Are you not... going to go with them?”</p>
		<p>Shirou didn’t answer. He couldn’t answer. He just continued to stare at the boy. As if unable to stand to look into Shirou’s eyes, the boy turned his head and stammered several times, but then turned back and bowed his head as if he had regained his resolve and made up his mind.</p>
		<p>“I beg you! Please save Orica!”</p>
		<p>His heart creaked in his chest. His dry, twisted heart ached. What could he say to this child?</p>
		<p>He shouldn’t have to be asked to do this, he should just be doing it. However, Shirou still refused and remained silent. The boy looked up to see Shirou’s response, and then suddenly came around in front of him. The boy easily overstepped the boundary of space Shirou had wanted to maintain.</p>
		<p>“This is my treasure, I’ll give it to you......!”</p>
		<p>“What......!?”</p>
		<p>What he saw took Shirou’s breath away.</p>
		<p>“This is .......”</p>
		<p>“I saw you in the square, and you seemed to be looking at it kind of closely. I thought you might want it.”</p>
		<p>Shirou took it softly, with a trembling hand. It was a sheep doll. Handcrafted and decorated. It looked exactly like the one Shirou had failed to give to Naki in Nirvasyl. Something welled up from the depths of his heart, filling the dry and twisted thing.</p>
		<p>“......It’s beautiful.” Shirou was mumbling to himself.</p>
		<p>The boy’s face lit up, “Yeah! The decorations are very fine and beautiful. I like it very much. A</p>
		<p>friend of mine from the Niyor tribe made it for me.</p>
		<p>Ah...!</p>
		<p>Shirou had to fight off the feeling of tears about to spill out of both of his eyes. In a town much like his home, he met a beastman much like his friend, and the doll he couldn’t give to him is now also here. The smiling face he couldn’t see, the face he wanted to see, is still here.</p>
		<p>What is this? Is this some kind of illusion, or is this some kind of opportunity that comes around once in a thousand years? If I could do it all over again, I would go to ....... No, that is impossible. This is not Nirvasyl, and he is not Naki, but that’s okay. Be it an excuse, illusion, whatever. If I can really still keep my promises here and now, then… Shirou fell deep into thought.</p>
		<p>“I want you to keep this.”</p>
		<p>“What? But…”</p>
		<p>“Just take care of it, that’s all that matters.”</p>
		<p>If only I can forgive myself a little.</p>
		<p>“Well okay, but what about Orica?” asked the boy.</p>
		<p>If only I can be free.</p>
		<p>“Oh. I've just been taking a little time to prepare.”</p>
		<p>I’m coming to save you... all of you. I’ll keep my promises this time.</p>
		<p>----"Orica...... Orica, are you there?”</p>
		<p>A muffled groan came back as Natalia called out into the darkness of the covered truck.</p>
		<p>“It’s Natalia. Wait for me. I’ll help you now.”</p>
		<p>Orica was tied up with a rope and gagged and rolled in the back of the truck. After Natalia had chewed up the rope with her powerful front teeth, the frightened girl jumped into her chest and sobbed. Natalia softly stroked along her back, “It’s okay. We'll get you out of here soon.”</p>
		<p>“Oh, that’s not going to happen.”</p>
		<p>Natalia turned around as if she had been struck by a bullet, towards the insistent voice that followed her own words.</p>
		<p>Outside the covered bed of the truck and illuminated by lights, Ivan stood with a gun at the ready.</p>
		<p>They're on to us!</p>
		<p>Ivan spoke in his emotionless tone, “Please come out quietly. I didn’t think you barbarians would actually come to get her back……, but it’s okay. I was starting to feel bad that I had pulled such a cheap trick, but you all have blown away my expectations. I’m going to have that whole village killed. We won’t have to worry about disposing of the bodies, we brought plenty of explosives.”</p>
		<p>No…!!</p>
		<p>Natalia was horrified and speechless. His comment was so cruel that her mind and body froze. How could anyone be so brutal? It was hard for her to believe that he was human like</p>
		<p>Will. A single bullet from the muzzle of his gun would easily kill her and Orica. A metal cast, a few centimeters long and without any blood or tears of its own, could take their lives without any effort at all. How could such injustice and cruelty be allowed to exist?</p>
		<p>We have no power or means to fight back. Death will always be with the beastmen. It is just coming for me now. I have no choice.... I’m going to die.</p>
		<p>“AwwoooooOOOOOoooooo…..”</p>
		<p>The nostalgic howl sent a burning blood rush through Natalia’s heart.</p>
		<p>You came!</p>
		<p>That was all she needed. In an instant, Natalia’s mind had been saved from death’s spell. She grabbed Orica by the shoulders and slammed her down to the truck bed with no time for restraint. Orica screamed as Natalia then shoved her into the darkness in the corner and then quickly lowered her own posture and turned on her heel.</p>
		<p>“You bitch!”</p>
		<p>Ivan opened fire. Sparks flew around Orica, as she curled tighter on the floor of the truck bed and continued to scream. Due to the position of the light, Ivan could not see into the cover overhanging the truck bed and was firing blindly. Natalia accelerated herself out the back of the truck, hooking her toes on the edge of the tailgate, and leaping forward as fast as she could.</p>
		<p>Flashes flew in her eyes as she collided with a thud. She could feel the full force of the impact on the top of her head, completely breaking Ivan’s thin nose. A no-cushion blow. She guessed it worked a little better than it would have if she had hair.</p>
		<p>“Orica, we have to run!”</p>
		<p>Leaving Ivan to hold his face in agony, Natalia ran off with Orica.</p>
		<p>“Wait! You fucking animals!” Ivan’s voice immediately shouted after them.</p>
		<p>In spite of his weak appearance, he seemed to have a high tolerance for pain. Orica’s gait was weak due to her hands and feet having been so tightly bound. It was only a matter of time before he caught up with them, as she was almost standing still. When they came to a rock wall, Natalia stopped in her tracks. Suddenly, a light came on behind them, casting both of their shadows on the wall.</p>
		<p>“That’s far enough.”</p>
		<p>When she turned around, she saw Ivan; half of his body enveloped by the light, blood dripping from his twisted nose, and a snarky smile on his face. He was furious and raging.</p>
		<p>That much was clear to her.</p>
		<p>“This is the punishment for underestimating humans. Don’t expect an easy death, you animal.”</p>
		<p>“You’re wrong.” Natalia said to Ivan as she saw for a moment, thanks to the light, that there was a thin stream of water flowing at her feet.</p>
		<p>“We are not animals. We are humans.”</p>
		<p>“Huh? What are you talking about? What’s human about you people, you freaks! Humans don’t look like animals! We're not capable of animal-like stupidity!”</p>
		<p>He was so agitated that even the basic shape of his face was deformed, and she was afraid that he might pull the trigger at any moment, but Natalia felt calm. She had already done what she had to do, now all she had to do was tell him so.</p>
		<p>“They also, in the end, recognized us as just a different kind of human being.”</p>
		<p>“What did you say? What the hell are you talking about, you bitch!?”</p>
		<p>“I’m talking about the war.”</p>
		<p>“What….!?”</p>
		<p>She guessed it was because she had said something that got under his skin. As soon as</p>
		<p>Natalia saw Ivan turn his nose up at her, she knew she had won.</p>
		<p>“As a result, they changed their minds. They realized that the beastmen were not experimental animals, but a threat that should not be thought of in the same way as animals.</p>
		<p>We have our own wisdom and ability to think. They understood that if they underestimated us, they would be the ones who would suffer.”</p>
		<p>The water hit his shoes and made a noise. Ivan perked up and turned the light on his feet. The water, which had flowed only as trickle earlier, now spread out over the feet of all three of them.</p>
		<p>“As long as we have wisdom, we’ll have a plan.”</p>
		<p>Suddenly there was a roar and a tremendous flash flood hit Natalia, Orica, and Ivan.</p>
		<p>She didn’t care if Ivan could scream or not. She just took a deep breath, bent over in an embrace with Orica, and let the torrent engulf them. She didn’t need to consume oxygen unnecessarily in struggling to stay afloat on the surface of the water, unable to see what was above or below her. She simply held her breath and waited for the right moment.</p>
		<p>The swirling water soon regained a steady flow. At the same time, she felt something slipping under her body which made Natalia and Orica rise to the surface.</p>
		<p>“Pfft-AH!”</p>
		<p>Natalia and Orica opened their mouths wide and took fresh air into their lungs.</p>
		<p>“Good job! Well done!”</p>
		<p>“We're going to drift to the right location. Take a break for a while!” Supporting the girls from below were the beaver beastmen. They were the caretakers of the dam that regulates the amount of water upstream. They released the water so that Natalia, after retrieving Orica, could quickly escape from the campsite. That was Natalia’s plan.</p>
		<p>“Where’s Ivan?” Natalia asked, leaning against the backs of beaver beastmen.</p>
		<p>“I don’t know, but if he was lucky enough to survive that, he won’t have the strength to do anything about us.”</p>
		<p>Only beastmen with animal strength could swim through this torrent. The tones of their voices were filled with such pride.</p>
		<p>----"Whoa!!!”</p>
		<p>Each time his log-like arm swung out, a cloud of dust rose from the ground and traced the path of his fist. His rounded claws were not sharp, but in human terms, they were the equivalent of having a lump of iron in your fist. If a beastman with half his strength were to be hit with such a strike, it was obvious that the arm they were guarding with would be ripped off their torso.</p>
		<p>However, Shirou just slid backwards more than ten meters, the soles of his feet scraping the ground as he caught the blow. It was like stopping a tank, with added rushing power.</p>
		<p>“AAAggggAAH!”</p>
		<p>Shirou took his opponent’s arm and pivoted, sending him flying over his head, and slamming him into the ground. With a boom, a hippopotamus sized dent was made in the hard surface of the earth, and a moment later, dust and sand flew up in concentric circles.</p>
		<p>“You got him!?”</p>
		<p>The moment he heard Gregono and the others’ voices, the hippo beastman’s hand broke through the dust cloud and grabbed Shirou’s head.</p>
		<p>“Agh…!?”</p>
		<p>His feet left the ground and the night sky spread out in his vision. This time it was Shirou arching through the air, and a moment later, the back of his head was slammed into the ground.</p>
		<p>“Bastard......!”</p>
		<p>Shirou grabbed the hippo beastman by the throat while he was still holding his face. He then lifted his opponent high and sent him plummeting to the ground once more.</p>
		<p>“UHHHH!”</p>
		<p>“AAGGGHHHH!”</p>
		<p>Both of them roared at the same time. A series of roars and violent tremors followed. Dust soared. When Shirou struck, the Hippo Beastman struck back. When the Hippo Beastman struck, Shirou struck back. They circled the human campsite like a wheel, alternately smashing each other’s faces in. When they had returned to their original position where</p>
		<p>Gregono and the others were standing, they simultaneously smashed each other’s face into the ground with all of their arm strength, and the impact blew them both into the sky at the same time.</p>
		<p>“W-What a fight! Are you a monster, Ogami?”</p>
		<p>“That’s not what you say to your allies! Ask him!” Swearing back at Gregono’s comment, Shirou then glared back at the hippo beastman. Like him, his opponent’s figure was tattered from the struggle so far. However, his eyes had not lost their fighting spirit at all.</p>
		<p>“AAAAAGGGH!” The hippo beastman rushed forward.</p>
		<p>”I knew that the hippo-beastmen were extremely strong, but..." Shirou grunted as they clasped hands and began to push against each other. It only took a few seconds for their strength to even out. The ground on Shirou’s side, which he had been pushing against, shattered, and his body was pushed backwards as if he was being blown away.</p>
		<p>“It’s not every day you find an opponent this tough!” Shirou yelled out. “Why is a warrior like you working for the humans!?”</p>
		<p>“A ...... warrior, ......?” A muffled voice replied. The hippopotamuses’ grip on Shirou’s hands weakened momentarily.</p>
		<p>Now is my chance.</p>
		<p>“AAAAAGGHHHH!!!”</p>
		<p>Shirou deliberately fell backwards, and swung his arms up as hard as he could, sending the hippo beastman stumbling forward. The hippopotamus, unable to catch himself due to its arms being in Shirou’s grip, launched face-first into the ground. The momentum of his previous lunge multiplied his impact, and the hard landing gouged out the ground for more than ten meters.</p>
		<p>“Finish him off!”</p>
		<p>Shirou ran to catch up with the still sliding hippo beastman, jumped, and delivered a kick right to the neck area with all of his might. The aim and timing were both perfect. However…</p>
		<p>“What the hell!?”</p>
		<p>In the depths of the dust blown up by the impact of the kick, Shirou saw a small pair of eyes ignite. Shirou’s kick had been caught by the hippo beastman with his arms crossed. The hippo released his crossed guard and grabbed Shiro’s leg with one hand, while his other formed a clenched his fist. The compressed air in his fingers creaked with a crisp pop. The biggest counterattack of all was coming. Shirou’s back suddenly heated up with frustration, but the hippopotamus’s sharp movements were mixed with an inexplicable aura of confusion.</p>
		<p>“What!?”</p>
		<p>Shirou looked at him closer. In his opponent’s eyes, he could see the reflection of another human machine gun that had fallen right at his feet.</p>
		<p>I understand. This guy is lost. He is thinking if he should smash me with his fist or pick up the gun. If you are a true beastman, one should never hesitate to use their own body at moments like these.</p>
		<p>“You idiot!”</p>
		<p>That moment was his downfall. Shirou lifted one of his legs and kicked the ground with such force that it exploded, and he shot his fist with all his might at the side of the hippopotamus.</p>
		<p>The momentary conflict of mind may have been a shock to Shirou’s opponent. He could not trust his own strength. He felt that the gun was stronger than himself.</p>
		<p>A beast with an unsettled mind cannot fight. The beastman, unable to take any defensive stance, was smashed in the cheek by Shirou’s fist and slammed into the ground directly below. He bounced a few meters, covered in dust, and then crashed, arms and legs outstretched, not bothering to bace for the impact.</p>
		<p>“You've lost your beastman pride. You don’t need these fangs”</p>
		<p>Shirou stomped on the lower jaw of the hippopotamus and grabbed on to his tusks. This enemy was not a warrior. He was just a human servant. It was a person he could not accept, and would never tolerate. However..</p>
		<p>“You’re right.”</p>
		<p>“What….?” Shirou’s brow furrowed at the resignation in the voice that replied.</p>
		<p>“I fought for that beastman’s pride, and all of my friends died except me. The only way to help those who survived was to work for the humans. This is the only atonement I can make for the pride I've taken in sending everyone to their deaths. If you want to take...... my tusks with you, go ahead and do so...”</p>
		<p>He looked down for a moment at the small eyes that were rapidly losing their dominance, and then Shirou took his hands away.</p>
		<p>“Your fangs will stay intact.”</p>
		<p>“What…?”</p>
		<p>This beastman is still fighting.</p>
		<p>“I know what you smell like. Hold on a little longer. When I’m done,.... I’m coming to get you.”</p>
		<p>Shirou said as he turned to walk away.</p>
		<p>“Okay….” The hippopotamus smiled wearily. “It’s like you're the legendary Silver Wolf.” He mumbled, and then became quiet, as if he had let go of his thread of consciousness.</p>
		<p>“Kaa, Kaa.” The starry sky cawed, and a crow came down and perched on Shirou’s shoulder.</p>
		<p>He looked over and saw Natalia and the beastman child, being protected by the beaver beastman. Gregono and the other beastmen got up and greeted the girls. Shirou smiled and</p>
		<p>Natalia laughed as well.</p>
		<p>“Let’s go home, Natalia.”</p>
		<p>“Yeah, let’s go home, Mr. Ogami.”</p>
		<p>----Wakkan Taluka was jubilant at the safe return of their friends. All of the humans’ weapons had been destroyed, and their vehicles had been disabled, except for one large one. Almost all of them had regained consciousness, but there was nothing they could do now except flee. The powwow that they had originally planned to have turned into a victory party. The festival, where both humans and beastmen joined together to perform an original tribal dance, was more exciting than ever for Natalia, who was seeing such a thing for the first time.</p>
		<p>Partly due to the Niyor tribe’s costumes, which resembled animals, it was impossible to distinguish between humans and beastmen. Everyone was the same. As Natalia sat on a stone bench alongside Shirou, watching the scene, Gregono and Will came up next to them.</p>
		<p>“Ogami, Natalia, there’s something you need to hear.” Gregono said.</p>
		<p>Natalia noticed that Will was closer to him than usual.</p>
		<p>“We are all leaving Wakhan Taluka.”</p>
		<p>Shirou looked over at him as if he had been punched in the face. Gregono lowered his eyes in vexation.</p>
		<p>“Humans like Ivan will come again. No, in fact, they have already visited us many times. This is just the first time it has turned into a big deal like this....... Next time, someone will come along who will take more aggressive measures. When that happens, we won’t be able to protect our people.”</p>
		<p>“Then I’ll protect you guys. I will always protect you. So…” Shirou’s voice was almost pleading.</p>
		<p>This is an important place for him as well.</p>
		<p>“But at some point, you won’t be able to protect us. As long as we live here, there will be no rest for the beastmen.”</p>
		<p>It was Will who spoke up instead of the nodding Gregono. Shirou gritted his teeth and glared at her, but, “What Will is saying is not wrong. She is also sad to say goodbye to us. There’s nothing I can do about it. It cannot be helped......”</p>
		<p>When he heard Gregono say this with a heavy heart, Shirou turned his head away. He let out a loud sigh that seemed to dissipate his anger. “Okay...” Natalia heard him say in a quiet voice.</p>
		<p>“We won’t be able to do this powwow again for a while.”</p>
		<p>“We'll do it again, I promise.”</p>
		<p>Will’s voice followed Gregono’s lonely words. They were huddled together, their hands clasped tightly. The two must have been lovers. A beastman and a human.</p>
		<p>Natalia turned away from them and stared at the fire crackling in the plaza, and asking no one in particular, “Can’t beastmen and humans coexist?”</p>
		<p>The answer came quickly.</p>
		<p>“We can. In fact, we have done so.”</p>
		<p>It was Will. Natalia continued.</p>
		<p>“I have seen beastmen and humans all over the place. Humans do persecute beasts, but there are times when beastmen are at fault. Beastmen are rough and violent, and they don’t even know it. The two races are incompatible.”</p>
		<p>“That’s because those beastmen have just met humans. It will take time for them to get used to each other,” responded Will.</p>
		<p>“Time….?”</p>
		<p>Natalia glanced at Will before leaning forward and looking at her more intently.</p>
		<p>“One feels compelled to shout louder, to stick one’s own hands in and change the world immediately. They feel defeated when they are told that only time will solve the problem.</p>

		<p>However, it is not a defeat. In my hometown, we grow a special flower to make the blue of this dress. It took generations to cross-breed the best flowers with each other. It can’t be done rapidly. You have to wait a long, long time.”</p>
		<p>“We beastmen," said Gregono. “According to legend, are those who have used one of the possibilities that reside in themselves. That’s how we got the form of the beasts we believe in.</p>
		<p>However, that does not mean that they have lost all their potential. The beastmen can still change themselves.”</p>
		<p>His gaze shifted to Will and he smiled at her. Her shoulders moved a little, perhaps because she grasped his hand again.</p>
		<p>“Humans can change too.” Will said softly.</p>
		<p>“Humans are very vulnerable at a very young age, and even as adults, there are large individual differences. If we don’t train ourselves, we will remain weak, and if we don’t learn, we will remain ignorant. Why is that? It would be easier if we had everything from the beginning.”</p>
		<p>Her voice became excited, “The reason there is a ‘margin’ in human ability, is for responding to the times. Heaven created us as creatures full of gaps so that we could fill them with what we needed at that time. Now, our clan and the beastmen are being ostracized and attacked by the humans from the cities, but things will change.”</p>
		<p>“Humans will never change. They are and always have been cowards.” As if in response to</p>
		<p>Shirou’s stern voice, the firewood in the square exploded loudly.</p>
		<p>He was still stubborn, but Gregono calmly agreed with him, “The anger is ours too. If only they weren’t here. There are those among the Niyor who feel that way about the humans of the city. However, that is not a just world.”</p>
		<p>“A just world?” Natalia asked.</p>
		<p>Gregono nodded. “They are here, and we are here. That is the true nature of this world. It is not just to erase anything. We have to accept the world and change.”</p>
		<p>“Accept and change….” The phrase repeated in Natalia’s mind and sank deep into her heart.</p>
		<p>“That might mean letting go of something. However, it is a necessary thing, just like a child gives up a toy as they grow up. It is not giving in to the other person, and it’s not evil.” Will continued.</p>
		<p>“Are you satisfied? That’s not how it works.” Shirou’s words echoed heavily in Natalia’s mind as he spat them out.</p>

		<p>Shirou did indeed come to help. However, nothing has changed in the world as he sees it now. Therefore, he won’t be able to change it either.</p>
		<p>She had figured out what he needed and what he didn’t need. She also now knew what side she was on.</p>
		<p>The festival of the beastmen and the Niyor people continued unabated until late into the night. It was as if everyone already knew that this was the last time.</p>
		<p>Orica and a human child invited Natalia to dance. There was no way she knew how they danced, but she danced with them as she saw fit. It was fun. It was really, really fun.</p>
		<p>The next morning. As the sun rose, Gregono and the others gathered at the entrance to the town.</p>
		<p>“We'll head north,” said Gregono.</p>
		<p>“We'll see you soon,” Will replied.</p>
		<p>Everyone hugged each other and shed tears in farewell.</p>
		<p>“We'll follow you as guards until you find a new place to live.” Shirou said and looked at</p>
		<p>Natalia.</p>
		<p>“Let’s go, Natalia.”</p>
		<p>“I’m not going.”</p>
		<p>“Huh?” Shirou’s shoulders shook as if he was upset by the reply.</p>
		<p>“We talked about it yesterday and decided. I’m staying behind with Will and the others, and she’s taking me to the city. So this is where we say goodbye.”</p>
		<p>“W-What…?”</p>
		<p>It was refreshing to her to see him so confused for once, but she didn’t want him to continue to be if she could help it.</p>
		<p>“I wanted to save you.” said looking directly at Shirou.</p>
		<p>“What do you mean?” He replied.</p>
		<p>“I thought that if I could understand your hatred, even if only a little, I might be able to do that. I wanted to stay with you forever and support you, but that’s not good enough.”</p>
		<p>A sad smile appeared on her face.</p>
		<p>“Even if I could be there for you, we would both sink into the same depths of anger. What you needed was not me. What you really need is…”</p>
		<p>The crease between his eyebrows deepened dubiously as he waited for more words.</p>
		<p>“A person with a clean slate. A person full of hope and potential who can blow away anger and despair. Someone who can become anything from that point forward. That’s not me. I cannot become a brand new animal either.”</p>
		<p>I feel like I am about to burst into tears. I didn’t think it would be so hard to admit clearly in my own words that I’m not the right person to help him, but I can’t show my weakness here.</p>
		<p>I want him to leave in peace. I want to be able to leave him strong.</p>
		<p>“I will study beastmen and humans in this country, and try to bring the two races together in peace, so that your anger at the world may be softened.”</p>
		<p>“......How?” His question was quiet.</p>
		<p>“First, we need a time and a place where beastmen can learn about the human world in peace. For example,...... a place like a school.”</p>
		<p>“You will never be able to get that.”</p>
		<p>The denial even seemed to smile at her. It was as if he was praying that she would try.</p>
		<p>“Until then, keep living your life the way you do. Keep on living. Wherever you are in the world, I will bring this change to you.”</p>
		<p>“......Okay.”</p>
		<p>They exchanged a sad smile and quietly completed their farewell.</p>
		<p>They did not hug each other, nor did they vow to meet again.</p>
		<p>“Good-bye.”</p>
		<p>Natalia, along with Will and the others, watched the distant beastmen for a long time until they disappeared in the distance, behind a cloud of sand and dust. Forever.</p>
</body>
</html>