<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="styles/zstylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<title>Prologue</title>
</head>

<body>
	<h1 class="heading">Prologue</h1>

	<p class="noindent top"><span class="initial">I</span>t was the second time she had seen the world burn down. The first time was in her home village, where she thought she had lost everything. Now, for the second time, she was in a concentration camp for “beastmen, ” a place she had resigned herself to thinking of as being the place where she would die.</p>
		<p>Angry shouts and screams echoed in the distance. Black smoke and the smell of something burning relentlessly surrounded her, blocking her vision and dulling her sense of smell.</p>
		<p>Before she knew it, Natalia had fallen to her knees. She looked around.</p>
		<p>What had happened?</p>
		<p>Even the events of just a few minutes ago were difficult to remember from her numb mind,</p>
		<p>but she managed to dig the memories out...</p>
		<p><i>Yes. The legend had arrived,</i> she thought.</p>
		<p>In the beginning, it was just another day as usual. She was trapped in an iron cage, listening to the screams of the beastmen being dragged out by the guards, hugging her shoulders and shaking, thinking that she would be next.</p>
		<p>Every day she lived paralyzed in fear.</p>
		<p>She was curled up on the hard bed with her back arched under the weight of the inevitable despair that this would be the day she would die when he came.</p>
		<p>He was the silver wolf of legend, a legend that had been handed down from generation to generation among the beastmen. He has lived for a thousand years, and is the savior of the beastmen. He is said to help those who are suffering and lead them to places of peace.</p>
		<p>But.</p>
		<p>She thinks, <i>What happened to ......?</i></p>
		<p>She can remember escaping from the dungeon with him and the other beastmen, but from there on, it's hard to remember what happened after.</p>
		<p>She looks around again.</p>
		<p>From the familiar look of the floor beneath her feet, there was no doubt that she was in a human laboratory in the prison camp. However, the room, which had been so neat and tidy,</p>
		<p>had now been thoroughly destroyed and turned into an airy pile of rubble.</p>
		<p>It was as if there had been a ...... war.</p>
		<p><i>Was ...... the silver wolf a dream ......?</i> She thought.</p>
		<p>That’s when she heard something. At first, to her muffled hearing, it sounded like a siren. The siren made a chilling sound that she had heard many times since she was brought to the human camp. However, this was different from the sound of the siren. It was nostalgic, yes.</p>
		<p>This was the distant howl of a beast.</p>
		<p>Maybe someone was calling her. Natalia hid her small body in the gap between the rubble so that the humans would not see her, and then followed the sound of the howl. Fire and smoke clouded her way, making her eyes and throat hurt. Still, she managed to keep going.</p>
		<p><i>I’m almost there. There's no doubt about it. This is the voice of the wolf….!</i> She thought.</p>
		<p>Natalia’s eyes widened.</p>
		<p>Before her stood a god. A wolf, clad in a silvery light that seemed to have fallen from the stars.</p>
		<p>He was standing on the protruding rubble, showering the world with a noble roar.</p>
		<p>Her own thoughts raced, <i>It wasn't a dream......, it was ......! He's here to help. I’m saved now. No more mutilations, no more weird injections, no more fire, no more electric shocks…</i></p>
		<p>Words of joy leaked out of her mouth.</p>
		<p>“Master Silver Wolf, ......!”</p>
		<p>The silver wolf turned to look at her as if he had been startled, its long tail shimmering with stardust-like light.</p>
		<p>Natalia was at a loss for words in relief.</p>
		<p>The silver god was crying.</p>
</body>
</html>